you
when ballast abusers in 1978 the world
wasn't quite ready for the nighttime
soap opera flu season consisted a five
hour miniseries and the second season
expanded into 24 episodes and both
seasons had low ratings but during the
final episode of season 3 in March of
1980 something miraculous occurred
Jerry even played by Larry Hagman got
shot and turned Alice into the worldwide
phenomena hi you're watching another
episode of how they changed in honor of
the series finals 23rd anniversary
here are some big in Texas facts about
gia and his conflicted family members
from that time the ratings soared with
more than 100 million people around the
globe tuning in see what sort of hunting
still reach you in family would get
themselves into out of first but the
show moved to Friday nights Hackman saw
it as a boon if got to realize that it
was kind of a recession going on during
the period of time when people couldn't
afford to go out who told me everything
in 2000 I didn't go how to movies and
get a babysitter and stuff like that I
had to stay in and watch something so we
will crater David Jacobs didn't know the
show would be certain towers how the
series came to be sat in the seat he was
my chance ever Jacobs had a development
deal with lorimar television and wrote a
story about Ewing oil in 1977 during my
executive Michael Freeman wrote a story
and said yeah it was fine when I heard
the name and Jacob stole to the taxes
observer nest act well what did you call
it Bela's sad it sounded better Houston
and the time Dallas was known more for
its bankers and Houston was known for
well believe it or not Larry hagman's TR
Ewing was never man to be the main
character in Dallas
his Thoreau the show was actually meant
to be Pam played by the Tori principal
however had man's portrayal of gee I was
so good that the producers made him the
star of the show instead a certain
delayed Larry Hagman turn GI Ewing into
one of the most memorable characters in
yes television but did he know that
Hackman was not the first choice to play
there Morra and manipulative oil baron
Rahl was originally offered to Robert
Foxworth who turned it down because he
felt that the character had to be
softened
Larry Hackman and Patrick Duffy drank a
lot on set in 1995 Larry Hagman who died
of cancer in 2012 had a liver transfer
due to alcoholism Patrick Duffy who paid
GRS younger brother Bobby premonition
off to Matt Dallas about their drinking
days I would have a glass of champagne
with him but then she would continue for
the rest of the day with many more
bottles Duffy said at lunch we would go
off and find a restroom have a couple of
drinks with our meal late afternoon
before we wrapped it was time for little
party van after we read who would sit in
the dressing room have another little
drink before went home to have drinks
before dinner and a bottle of wine with
Deena and a little after-dinner drink
before going to bed but he said it was
fun but I couldn't give her another
thought
whoops I'm developing a drinking problem
I just took my foot off the accelerator
Tellis may or may not have led to the
fall of communism with such a huge
global audience the show reached as fast
as Russia and Romania where it was
actually forbidden until Romanian
president Nicolae Ceausescu finally
allowed the show to air Ceausescu was
tricked into believing it was
anti-capitalist
and therefore safe to show to the
Romanians but the show didn't have a
peaceful outcome indirectly responsible
for the form of the Soviet empire had
been once told they would see the
wealthy Ewings and say hey we don't have
all this stuff I think it was good
old-fashioned way that got them to
question their authority in 1989
Ceausescu and his wife were assassinated
and Romanians began to experience more
freedom without a tyrannical who
according to the Washington Post
after the dictators exit that shows
previously censuses were edited mapping
and aired
Herman had a friendly relationship with
communist Bucharest in exchange for them
using his image and ads Russian oil firm
the coil had been accepted quite a bit
of cash having dinner want anybody to
know about his compensation until his
death which is when the useful need
[Music]
taury principal refused to return to
Dallas because of Shakespeare the
tolerate principal played Pamela Ewing
who supposedly died in a car crash in
1987 as it means for the actress to exit
the show but returned the following
season after having gone under the knife
and was then played by Margaret Michaels
unlike her on-screen hobby principal
declined to ever return to the show
principal said or being pen worthy Romeo
and Juliet of Tallis a tragic love story
of Shakespearean proportions and she had
to respect up I cannot be held
responsible for any choices made by
produces wanna live Dallas but I do take
responsibility for my decision not to
risk tarnishing Bobby and his love story
with a desperate reappearance she said I
made this decision long time ago with
her loving and respectful heart for
Dallas Bobby and Pam and all the
faithful fans in order to keep principal
from leaving the show producers offered
a lot of money for her to stay it would
have made me the highest-paid actress on
television had her exactly the offer she
told he was time to go and I found out a
lot about myself I can't be bought
in 1984 data's soft invented again over
the Dallas quest for the Commodore 64
computer the premise of the game starts
you alle sammen supplier to South Loop
and tells them she wants them to find a
map of an oil field and return it to her
if the players able to thwart jr. and
return the map they'll receive two
million dollars
the game didn't have all that much to do
with Dallas he spent most of the time
fighting off angry cattle monkeys and of
course the Ewings
some shows like to boast that they have
achieved 10 million 20 million even 15
million viewers in November 1980 the
episode Tallis whodunit yes you know the
episode we are talking about was watched
by 83 million people in the US and more
than 300 million worldwide that is a big
audience
[Music]
spinach shalt nots landing was actually
created before Dallas it's produced
swoon able to salad they develop Dallas
instead and when it became a hit and the
network asked Faustino
they were able to offer them the
original idea for Knots Landing Hank
Williams jr. wrote a song about Dallas
called this aim Dallas in 1985 Dallas
inspired the country singer to write
about food a fantasy Dallas was the same
towers and the same dynasty it's a real
life that you're working family in the
ngr and you answer Allen filter lyrics
William also sings how he doesn't have a
Mercedes and we're just men and women
holding this thing together
then unknown rep it appeared in four
episodes as a frisky teenager aptly
named Randy in the sofa now friends do
forget to leave a like and subscribe
take care
[Music]